# Oxy Dev Wall
* Contributors: Max Zimmer
* Tags: oxygen builder, editor enhancer, developer privacy
* Requires at least: 5.7
* Tested up to: 5.8
* Requires PHP: 7.4
* Stable tag: 1.0.0

Develop your Oxygen website templates privately on top of an existing website.

## Description
Unregistered, non-admin users will see the site as generated by the theme or other builders. Only you and other admins will be able to build your Oxygen templates, apply them, and view them on the front end. Changing any content will also be visible on the front end for all users, so this really helps with templating and design ONLY.

## Installation
1. Download the plugin's zip file.
2. Go to Plugins > Add New in your WordPress admin. Click "Add New" button, then "Upload Plugin" button, then "Choose File", browse to and select the plugin's zip file.
3. Activate the plugin.

The plugin will generate a new file in the mu-plugins directory. When deactivated, it will delete that file.

## Managing Privileges
This plugin has no settings or admin pages. If you need complex user privileging, add user roles and privileges to check for inside the `mu-oxy-dev-wall.php` file by adding to the array in these lines:

`$privileges = array(`
`    'manage_options'`
`);`

## No Warranty
The plugin is provided on an as-is basis for free to the Oxygen community. It is up to you to test it and make sure it works as you expect for the purpose described here. In other words, test it first to make sure it works with your configuration.

## Changelog
### 1.0.0
* Initial release